---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (8/9/25)"
date: "2025-08-09T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/08/09/links-for-you-8925
description: Saturday links for Saturday
---

Hello friends - another two weeks has gone by which means another links post to share. Sometimes, ok, pretty much every time, I'm shocked at how quickly I have to do these posts. It's like I blink and half a month has flown by. In my [last Links post](https://www.raymondcamden.com/2025/07/27/links-for-you-72725) I mentioned dealing with some frustrations, and they've gotten better, but I'm now dealing with the start of school which brings its own challenges. That being said - the family is happy and healthy, I'm employed, so I'll take that as a win. Let's get to the links!

## Why Women in Tech isn't enough

First up is pretty important post from Salma Alam-Naylor, ["Why Woman in Tech isn't enough"](https://whitep4nth3r.com/blog/why-women-in-tech-isnt-enough/). As her disclaimer explains, this is her perspective based on personal experience in regards to "non-men" in the tech space. This was a pretty eye-opening piece. I already knew women were underrepresented in tech, but I had no clue that almost half of then leave tech by 35. That's incredibly depressing. Salma discusses why efforts to improve these numbers may not be having the impact desired. While you're at her site, I strongly recommend signing up for her [weird wide web hole](https://buttondown.com/weirdwidewebhole) newsletter as well.

## Stop Using CustomEvent

The next post is about... wait for it... not using CustomEvent in JavaScript. In this post by Justin Fagnani, he arguments against the [use of CustomEvent](https://justinfagnani.com/2025/06/25/stop-using-custom-event?utm_source=tldrwebdev) as opposed to either subclassing the native Event object, or just relying on `Event` and relying on `event.target` checking. It's great food for thought!

## Unlocking Beast Mode

Last but not least, let's [unlock the beast mode](https://justinfagnani.com/2025/06/25/stop-using-custom-event?utm_source=tldrwebdev) in our AI tools, specifically in your AI agent within Visual Studio Code. "Beast Mode" is a detailed Markdown file of instructions to help guide how Copilot works when helping you work. Written by Burke Holland from Microsoft, he goes into details into what these directions do and why, and it's a great reminder of how helpful AI can be if given a **detailed** set of instructions to follow. 

## Just For Fun

My friends know I've got a thing for covers, and this is a great one my wife found a few days ago. Enjoy!

{% liteyoutube "gG3Wwl9Sg0c" %}

