---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (3/22/25)"
date: "2025-03-22T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/03/22/links-for-you-32225
description: Links, links, and more links.
---

Happy Saturday folks. I just spent an hour or two playing "Avowed" (great game) and eventually need to get off my butt and start some bread I want to bake today, so I thought I'd put it off a few minutes more with a quick blog post. As always, these links are meant to be informative, helpful, and fun, so I hope they brighten your day.

## Date Formatting in JavaScript (Again)

Date formatting in JavaScript, or, well, any language, feels like a topic that just keeps coming up. When I saw this link I initially didn't bother clicking, assuming it was about the `Intl` spec. However, it instead talks about `toLocaleDateString` and `toLocaleTimeString`, both of which I'm sure I've seen before, but never really looked into. ["Human-readable date formatting with vanilla JavaScript"](https://henry.codes/writing/human-readable-date-formatting-with-vanilla-javascript/) is a great look at these functions. While the end result seems to be practically/functionally the same as `Intl`, it's worth knowing more about these functions.

## Building a Writing Assistant with Python and Ollama

Next up is a great video that covers multiple interesting topics. First, it talks about [Ollama](https://ollama.com/), which is a great way to test generative AI models directly on your own machine, for free. Second, it demonstrates some Python features I had no idea were possible, specifically listening for key events and access the clipboard on your second. Lastly, the topic itself, helping with writing, is one near and dear to my heart. 

{% liteyoutube "IUTFrexghsQ" %}

## Another SSG - Publican

[Publican](https://publican.dev/), definitely not pelican which I wrote more than once, is a new SSG (static site generator) built in Node. SSGs are a favorite topic of mine so I love to see new options in this space. I haven't yet gotten a chance to kick the tires on this one yet, but it's definitely on my TODO list. 

## Just For Fun

I apologize for this in advance, but while driving with my youngest, this song came up after one he had requested I play on Spotify, and, I love it. 

{% liteyoutube "rXMB5WSCVks" %}

