---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (11/16/25)"
date: "2025-11-16T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/11/16/links-for-you-111625
description: Happy, really happy, links for you.
---

Good morning, programs. I'm sorry for the light posting the last few weeks, but, it's all for a good reason. Last week was my first week at my new job, which means all of my anxiety and fear are gone. Ok, maybe not, but, I'm absolutely delighted to be off the market again. I haven't blogged about the new job yet (or even gotten around to updating LinekdIn), but I'll do so soon. (My job isn't top secret or anything, I'm just waiting a bit.) Ok, let's get to the links!

## A Conditional Form Field Web Component

I love web components, and I especially love really practical examples like this [conditional form field component](https://www.aaron-gustafson.com/notebook/a-web-component-for-conditionally-displaying-fields/) by [Aaron Gustafson](https://www.aaron-gustafson.com/). As you can probably guess, it allows conditionally showing and hiding form fields based on *other* fields on the form. Here's an example from his post that demonstrates that I mean:

```html
<form-show-if conditions="contact_method=phone">
  <label for="phone">Phone Number
    <input type="tel" id="phone" name="phone">
  </label>
</form-show-if>
```

Both the label and field will only show up when the form field `contact_method` is set to "phone". In that example only one field is checked, but your logic can check against multiple as well. 

## Web MIDI with Katie Fenn

This is from back in May, but this presentation by Katie Fenn covers the Web MIDI spec, and of course, goes into MIDI itself. Best of all, it features music by Daft Punk, not something you see often with web platform talks.

{% liteyoutube "9R3hIvfRLMY" %}

## The Origin Story of JavaScript

Finally, another video, but one that's fun as hell to watch. Annie Sexton gives an entertaining look at how our favorite language (ok, maybe that's a bit controversial) language came to be:

{% liteyoutube "Sl3XUmg4LBk" %}

## Just For Fun

Ok, so I don't usually like so many of my links to be videos, but as yall know, I like to end these posts with a music video typically. This track is absolutely not new, but is one of the most happy songs I've ever heard. 

{% liteyoutube "yk52XHSpmF4" %}