---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (4/5/25)"
date: "2025-04-05T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/04/04/links-for-you-4525
description: So so links for a so so year.
---

Not going to lie, this has been a long week. I gave two presentations at [Arc of AI](https://www.arcofai.com/), one of which needed to big updates as Chrome changed their API a *day before* my presentation. To be fair, the browser AI stuff is in development and the changes were good, but I had to scramble a bit. I'm exhausted (for this and other reasons) so let's just skip right to the links, shall we?

## Search with Video and Algolia

A few days ago, Algolia had a small virtual developer conference with one of the most fascinating presentations I've seen. Tim Carry described how he built a tool to index and search short videos from YouTube. The number of different tools and things he did to build this little tool is absolutely fascinating and even if you don't necessarily every need to repeat this particular task, I'd highly encourage watching it just to see all the different moving parts as they come together.

{% liteyoutube "fRH4KyQS6-g" %}

## RAG and Python

Next up is another video, this time by Pamela Fox. I've known her for quite some time and she's an excellent person to follow and scary smart. In this video (part of a [series](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1VGYlRibFdQamV6cDAxY1pzZ09HMUFHZFRvd3xBQ3Jtc0tsNkx5US12a3dKbkRvaldaLXhGVklhellWWnllR0hlMDREd3NwYnl3dHNFd1FrWXVqOFZLLXotdTh1SFBUQnhCeF96aFdVNEVYWG5FYjU5XzFCMy0tbk9weTkxX0M2cXYwUEh1YUNlVU5fWGJ6dE9xVQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Faka.ms%2FPythonAI%2Fseries&v=xSt0lmIuG4c)), she discusses RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) with Python. All the code is shared, and can be run for free as well, and she does a great job of making it understandable.

{% liteyoutube "xSt0lmIuG4c" %}

## Your DevRel Questions... Answered

For the last link (well, 'serious' link), I've got an excellent article by my buddy Brian Rinaldi, [Your DevRel Questions Answered. Finally!](https://remotesynthesis.com/blog/your-devrel-questions-answered/). In this post, Brian goes into detail various aspects of developer relations and answers common questions about the role, including measuring, where it should sit, and what kind of activities should be considered part of the role. 

## Just For Fun

I've been rewatching Andor in preparation of the new season this month, and while I had already thought it (along with Rogue One) was the best part of Star Wars, my rewatch has me blown away. Every aspect of it - the shots, the music, the dialogue, the action, everything, feels absolutely perfect. If you haven't given it a shot, I highly recommend you do, and for fun, here's the fan made Beastie Boys Rogue One mashup that I may have watched over a hundred times. 

{% liteyoutube "oMmiNeVrbDk" %}

