---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (7/13/25)"
date: "2025-07-13T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/07/13/links-for-you-71325
description: Happy I need a break from playing video games Sunday Links
---

My goal for this [series](/tags/links4you) of posts is to share interesting links every two weeks, and I've noticed that sometimes it feels like a split second between when these posts go out. I'm actually a week or so late on this one, which is fine, but dang does time go by quickly. Usually summer is pretty slow, but with the new job, new product launch, and lots of camps for the kids, I don't feel like it's ever let up. Despite that, I've managed to put in near ten hours of Star Wars Outlaws this weekend, so I'm still getting a chance to catch my breath. I put the controller down for a bit so I can share these fun links with yall. Enjoy!

## Using Transformers.js to Find Related Posts

Here's a *really* cool example of GenAI-style tech used for content - [finding related posts using Transformers.js](https://alexop.dev/posts/semantic-related-posts-astro-transformersjs/). The example given here is for a blog written in Astro, but could be applied to any other tech, like Eleventy. (And if someone asks, heck, I'll make an example of that.) For my blog, I'm using an API call with Algolia, but this solution would be all done on your server, and at build time. I'm not sure it would work for *this* blog due to the size of the content, but I may give it a shot later this week.

## What Script is This?

Next up is an excellent look at something I've never considered before - using JavaScript to determine which script block/tag it exists in. In his [post](https://alexop.dev/posts/semantic-related-posts-astro-transformersjs/), Alex MacArthur looks at `document.currentScript` and how it could be helpful to web developers. This is a feature I've never heard of, and it's been around for a decade. 

## Using AI for Fitness

For the last link, I'll share a post that's both cool and inspiring, [Using AI to Get Fit](https://stroz.dev/posts/2025/june/ai-get-fit/), by one of my best friends, Scott Stroz. In it he talks about how he made use of MCP, Claude, and Spotify, to help build a playlist to aid in his exercise routine. 

## Just For Fun

Next time you make a quick GitHub repository, hope and pray you aren't accidentally triggering a [huge milestone](https://github.com/Red-Killer/shit/issues/1).
