---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (12/14/25)"
date: "2025-12-14T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/12/14/links-for-you-121425
description: Merry XMas Links
---

I cannot stress how much happier weekends are when you're not looking for a job. I used to dread the weekends. No one was posting jobs, no one was responding to applications (usually), and it just made me anxious. Now - I'm enjoying the hell out of the weekend, *and* looking forward to Monday as my job continues to be fun as hell. Thing are good - and I'm doing my best not to be nervous/anxious about that. ;) Here's some links for your Sunday enjoyment.

## West of House

For us old-timers, Infocom is fondly remembered as one of the great companies of early computing gaming history. Their text-based games were surprisingly deep and thoughtful, and fun to own as they always had fun accessories in the box. (Remember physical games?) A few weeks ago, Microsoft [announced](https://opensource.microsoft.com/blog/2025/11/20/preserving-code-that-shaped-generations-zork-i-ii-and-iii-go-open-source) the open source release of Zork 1, Zork 2, and Zork 3. You can peruse the code and even play the games if you want. 

As an aside, my personal favorite Infocom game was [A Mind Forever Voyaging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Mind_Forever_Voyaging), something I'd love to see turned into a movie. 

## Sanitized HTML with setHTML

Next up is an article on something I wanted to look at over a year or so ago, and I'm glad I didn't as the spec changed a bit. [Ollie Williams](https://olliewilliams.xyz/) had written up an article looking at the Sanitizer API as a method to safely inject dynamic HTML into the DOM: [setHTML(), Trusted Types and the Sanitizer API](https://olliewilliams.xyz/blog/sanitizer/). The `setHTML` method does multiple things, including filtering out inline event handlers and certain tags. Read his post for more information. 

## Size of Life 

Last up is an incredibly beautiful web site demonstrating the relative sizes of living organisms on Earth, [Size of Life](https://neal.fun/size-of-life/). Not only is this informative, it's also truly gorgeous and a great reminder that you can use the web for art and science at the same time.

## Just For Fun

Last up is a mashup with Cookin Soul (who I had never heard of) and MF DOOM (who I only discovered about a year ago). I did listen to it and don't remember, but I'd probably assume it's NSFW in the office so wear headphnes. Either way, it's a great mix and great for the holidays. 

{% liteyoutube "EwzBjBHfDIs" %}

