---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (5/17/26)"
date: "2026-05-17T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2026/05/17/links-for-you-51726
description: Lovely "what else can go wrong" links
---

Happy Sunday, and I hope your Sunday is going better than mine. One of my kids just went to use the dryer and sparks flew. I don't mean metaphorically. Nothing like the thought of replacing another major appliance to brighten up your day, amiright?!?!

## Find Your (Tech) Community

First up is a new endeavour by Brian Rinaldi to help fill the gap left behind by Meetup.com (which is still a thing just not a good thing lately) and the lack of smaller and more affordable community conferences. [DevRel(ish)](https://devrelish.tech/) is a community site supporting tech groups of all sizes and nature who need help organizing IRL meetups. According to the [launch announcement](https://remotesynthesis.com/posts/introducting-devrelish/), this is not meant to be a replacement for larger event apps, but hopefully something more suitable for smaller groups. 

Check it out at <https://devrelish.tech/>.

## Blame the Ox

Ok, this isn't tech related at all, but, "The Ox That's Breaking Your Fantasy Map" is one of the most fascinating videos I've seen in a while. And yes, it is about oxen - and fantasy maps. Even if you don't like fantasy (or oxen), it's an great watch and reminder of just how the economy affects organization and government.

{% liteyoutube "MIqpvpNS5pI" %}

## AI and Goblins

Last up is a good look into why [goblins started appearing](https://openai.com/index/where-the-goblins-came-from/) in OpenAI models. The post details how initial reports of the behavior led to investigations that ultimately led to the smoking <strike>goblin</strike>gun.

## Just For Fun

Speaking of fantasy, I recently remembered that my young kids still have yet to set the Never Ending Story. One of them really loves horses too. This is going to be great!

{% liteyoutube "2WN0T-Ee3q4" %}
