---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (8/24/25)"
date: "2025-08-24T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/08/24/links-for-you-82425
description: Somber links for a somber guy
---

So yeah... not a great two weeks or so since my last Links post. If you missed the announcement, my time at Foxit was unceremoniously cut short which came as a complete shock. This may end up being the year I spend more time without a full time job than with. To be honest, I'm a really, really bad place right now, but, trying to maintain, and trying my best to once again find a job in the worst market I've seen in my career. One way or the other I'll get through this again, but I'm really, *really* tired of this. Let me pretend to think positive for a moment and maybe in the next Links post I'll have better news. Maybe. Ok, enough complaining, let's get to the links.

## Even more HTML you may not know about

First up is a post by [Jim Nielsen](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2025/href-value-possibilities/) discussing some aspects about the mighty anchor element you may not be familiar with. His post, ["A Few Things About the Anchor Element’s href You Might Not Have Known"](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2025/href-value-possibilities/), mentioned at least 4 things I didn't know so it's definitely worth your time.

## Context Windows Explained

I'll often (and the link above is an example) click on things where I'm pretty sure I know the topic anyway because I figure there's always a chance I'm missing something important. Context windows are an important factor when working with GenAI systems, and [Rizel Scarlett](https://block.github.io/goose/blog/authors/rizel/) does a great job introducing the topic in, ["The AI Skeptic’s Guide to Context Windows"](https://block.github.io/goose/blog/2025/08/18/understanding-context-windows/). I liked her coverage of the topic, but even more so, she talked about how [Goose](https://block.github.io/goose/) has some fascinating ways to help manage those windows. (I've been hearing about Goose for a while now but hadn't had the chance to check it out - now I'm motivated to do so.)

## The Anti Low/No-Code Manifesto

Ok, "manifesto" is a strong word, but the next link is one that is *firmly* in the "anti" low/no code space: ["Every Visual Workflow Tool is Just Excel for Developers Who Gave Up"](https://medium.com/@mohamedalibenothmen1/every-visual-workflow-tool-is-just-excel-for-developers-who-gave-up-f7261090fbc8). This is a post I 100% disagree with, strongly, firmly, etc. That being said, I think it's a good thing to challenge your own beliefs about development and this post does just that. I think the author gets pretty much every part of their post wrong and the whole thing comes off as the strongest piece of technical gate keeping I've seen in a while, but I wanted to share it as it was, like I mentioned, thought-provoking. Let me know what you think.

## Finally

Life sucks right now, but one bright spot from the past week was this **excellent** mashup. Enjoy.

{% liteyoutube "dkF0kwP_DsI" %}