---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (8/31/2024)"
date: "2024-08-31T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2024/08/31/links-for-you-8312024
description: Happy Labor Day Links
---

For my American readers, I hope you are able to enjoy a relaxing three day weekend. I've got big plans to do absolutely nothing and do quite a bit of it. My September is going to be busy so I'd like to try my best *not* to think about that for the next few days. Let's get to the links!

## One Million Checkboxes - You Won't Believe This...

I use a note app to keep track of the links I want to share in these posts and *generally*, I share in a FIFO manner - the oldest added links first. But this... this link comes from a post shared recently on Mastodon and frankly was way too cool to put off. I don't even want to tell you about this link, I just want you to read it. Trust me. 

[The Secret Inside One Million Checkboxes](https://eieio.games/essays/the-secret-in-one-million-checkboxes/)

## Operating System Selector Web Component

One of my pet peeves are web sites that share documentation for one operating system only, typically OSX. [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/) is a great example of doing it the right way - showing examples for OSX, Linux, and Windows. My friend Simon MacDonald on the [Begin](https://begin.com) team shared how they support this using a component that handles the toggle as well as remembers your previous setting: [OS Selector for Documentation Sites](https://begin.com/blog/posts/2024-06-25-os-selector-for-documentation-sites)

## A Rant about Front-end Development

Rant is putting it nicely to be honest. This [post](https://blog.frankmtaylor.com/2024/06/20/a-rant-about-front-end-development/) by Frank Taylor is... a lot. Before clicking, prepare yourself for many bitter truths and even more curse words. Honestly I agree with pretty much all of it so I encourage you to read it (I mean, I'm sharing it here so of course I do), but just be ready for a rough ride.

## And now for something sweet

This is gloriously wonderful video of Deborah Woll explaining Dungeons and Dragons to Jon Bernthal. It's a near perfect explanation (although to be fair I've never played myself and I hate that I haven't yet) and seeing Jon grasp just how cool it is makes the video absolutely heartwarming.

{% liteyoutube "JpVJZrabMQE" %}
