---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (10/12/25)"
date: "2025-10-12T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/10/12/links-for-you-101225
description: Happy Sunday Links
---

I blinked and somehow missed posting this a week or so ago. Time is, to quote the good Doctor, a bit wibbly wobbly. I'm currently watching a recording of the Saints/Patriots game and hoping we can follow last week's win with another, but I'm not sure. Of course, the game's been done for hours now but we've managed to miss the news so... we can still hope. Speaking of hope, as a reminder, I'm still looking for my next role, and if you know of a good developer evangelist/advocate position, please reach out! Alright, time for some links.

## When JSON Isn't...

First up is a great look at how JSON may not be as universally parsed/transferable/etc as you may have though. In ["JSON is not JSON Across Languages"](https://blog.dochia.dev/blog/json-isnt-json/), you get a great look at all the little edge cases that can impact transferring JSON between different languages and platforms. 

## In 2025, you still don't always need JavaScript...

I feel like this is something that's been shared before, and heck, I've talked about this myself many times as well, but it's a useful reminder that many things we've used JavaScript for in the past are not actually necessary and can be done by simpler, less complex means. Check out ["You no longer need JavaScript"](https://lyra.horse/blog/2025/08/you-dont-need-js/), a great post focused on CSS improvements primarily but also some relevant HTML features you may not be aware of. 

## New Node.js Features

Speaking of "you may not need JS", you may also not need that commonly used NPM package. ["15 Recent Node.js Features that Replace Popular npm Packages"](https://nodesource.com/blog/nodejs-features-replacing-npm-packages?ck_subscriber_id=1866753165) covers exactly what you think it does - recent improvements and additions to Node that may help you skip installing some npm packages. I knew most of these already, but definitely not all of them. I feel like I do a great job of keeping up with changes to JavaScript, but not so much with Node.js. 

## Just For Fun

I'm a huge [Hatchie](https://www.hatchie.net/) fan and was pleasantly surprised to find last week she has a new album coming out. Here's one of the first singles, enjoy!

{% liteyoutube "w4zUyCWk1DM" %}