---
layout: post
title: "Links For You (11/30/25)"
date: "2025-11-30T18:00:00"
categories: ["misc"]
tags: ["links4you"]
banner_image: /images/banners/links.jpg
permalink: /2025/11/30/links-for-you-113025
description: Happy (Almost) X-Mas links
---

Once again I'm here, sharing links, and apologizing for the lack of content this month, although I did publish seven times, and I think I had some good demos, so maybe I should just stop worrying about it? ;) As I've hinted recently, I am **no longer on the job market**! I haven't said *where* yet as I wanted to get a few weeks under my belt to ensure things were going to be ok. I'm not going to lie, my last role (and quick lay off) really messed me up a bit. That being said, I feel relatively safe now, and really like what both my role and my coworkers, so I figure it's time to share! 

My new role is a Senior Developer Evangelist for [Webflow](https://www.webflow.com). Webflow has a web-based designer for creating and managing web sites, and while the primary tool is focused on designers and business-type users, the platform has *multiple* different developer-centric endpoints. As someone who has been working on the web for an *incredibly* long time, I look at visual/web-based tools like this with a bit of skepticism. They've come a *long* way since the days of Dreamweaver 1.0, but I still worry about not having direct access to code. One of the really cool things about Webflow is all the ways a developer can extend and work with the platform itself. I feel like our Designer can cover 90% of most people's needs, and the extensions available to coders easily cover the rest. I'm also beyond excited to be working on a web-platform centric product. I love APIs, but I haven't had an opportunity to work directly with web sites like this for a while. And with that, on with the links!

## Build a Router

First up is a cool post on [jshof.dev](https://jschof.dev/) where he makes use of `URLPattern` (read more about that [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URLPattern) on MDN) to create a [web component based router](https://jschof.dev/posts/2025/11/build-your-own-router/). It's a great little experiment and another example of how useful web components are in the platform. 

## Helping Seniors with AI

Next is a book by an old friend of mine, ["How Seniors Learn AI"](https://amzn.to/43VE9Rd) (as an FYI, that's an affiliate link). The author, Dan Wilson, is someone I've known for probably two decades now. He's a darn good educator and a darn good person as well. This book is meant to help introduce AI to senior citizens and provide useful guides to help them make use of it in their day to day lives. My assumption is that most of my readers don't need this book, but I'd bet you know someone who does. 

## Advent of Code 2025

It's that time of year - my favorite time of year - [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) is back! I've shared this site now for probably ten years, but for those of you who aren't aware, the Advent of Code is a yearly coding challenge that presents two holiday-themed puzzles per day. Usually the second challenge is a slight variation of the first so it doesn't take *too* much time. Difficulty ranges from pretty easy to more complex as the days go on, and usually I get about ten days done before I tap out, but it's always fun to take a stab at it. Oh... and I just saw on the site they've gone from 24 days of challenges to 12, so maybe this year I'll actually finish. 

## Just For Fun 

Yall know I'm a big fan of covers, so how about a rather conventional cover from a rather unconventional band, Ninja Sex Party:

{% liteyoutube "yqVzsXxD_h4" %}